fix(xo-server-usage-report): change dataset size (#6723)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> - [Plugin Usage Report] Corrects the inaccuracy of the report by taking into account the desired periodicity instead of the whole year (PR [#6723](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6723))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Plugins/usage-report] Compute stats on configured period instead of the whole year (PR [#6723](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6723))
```
